README.md, before:

# TODO
 * impl a couple more activation functions [DONE]
 * impl normalization [DONE]
 * impl regularization [DONE]
 * turn into a real package
 * impl network compilation
 * impl unsupervised learning: clustering
    * centroid calc
    * edge case calc
    * unsupervised training types
 * impl transfer training
 * impl some experiments
 * clean up CLI

# weirdneuralnet
WeirdNeuralNet is a neural network library for exploring new topologies and training paradigms.

Create your own Weird Network:
```
from network import WeirdNetwork

node_params =[
        {
            'x':28*28,
            'y':128,
            'activation': 'sigmoid',
            'input':True
        },
        {
            'x':128,
            'y':10,
            'activation': 'sigmoid',
            'output':True
        }
    ]
edges = [
    (0,1),
]
model = WeirdNetwork(node_params, edges)
```

then train it:

```
cost_history = model.train(X_train, Y_train, epochs)
#plot cost history
plt.plot(list(range(epochs)), cost_history)
plt.show()
```

## install

requirements:
requests
numpy
matplotlib
cupy

then just copy down this code.
There's no formal package yet. Maybe I'll get around to that at some point.

Commit message:

- organized into a legit package - updated README - moved TODO list into its own file

README.md, after:

# WeirdNeuralNet

WeirdNeuralNet is a neural network library for exploring new topologies and training paradigms. It runs on any CUDA-enabled GPU.

## CLI
train a new Weird Network from scratch on the command line:
```
C:/users/JohnCleese> python -m weirdneuralnet --config not_implemented_yet.cfg --train --epochs 100 --graph --save my_model.wnn
```
![example training cost plot](https://github.com/mirrord/weirdneuralnet/blob/Figure_1.png?raw=true)

## library interface
Create your own Weird Network in your project:
```
from weirdneuralnet import WeirdNetwork

node_params =[
        {
            'x':28*28,
            'y':128,
            'activation': 'sigmoid',
            'input':True
        },
        {
            'x':128,
            'y':10,
            'activation': 'sigmoid',
            'output':True
        }
    ]
edges = [
    (0,1),
]
model = WeirdNetwork(node_params, edges)
```

then train it:

```
cost_history = model.train(X_train, Y_train, epochs)
#plot cost history
plt.plot(list(range(epochs)), cost_history)
plt.show()
```

## install

requirements:
CUDA (see https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-downloads)
CuPy (see https://pypi.org/project/cupy/ for pre-built binaries)

pull down this code, cd into the directory and run:
```pip install .```

This code has been tested using: python 3.7.8, CUDA 11.5, Windows 10
